Options for retaining previous behavior of `dbt deps` for v1.7+ (#5659)
dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/build/packages.md

* delete the package directory in `dbt_packages/`;  or
* run `dbt clean` to delete _all_ packages (and any compiled models), followed by `dbt deps`.

### Pinning packages

<VersionBlock lastVersion="1.6">

We **strongly recommend** "pinning" your package to a specific release by specifying a tagged release name or a specific commit hash.

If you do not provide a revision, or if you use the main branch, then any updates to the package will be incorporated into your project the next time you run `dbt deps`. While we generally try to avoid making breaking changes to these packages, they are sometimes unavoidable. Pinning a package revision helps prevent your code from changing without your explicit approval.

To find the latest release for a package, navigate to the `Releases` tab in the relevant GitHub repository. For example, you can find all of the releases for the dbt-utils package [here](https://github.com/dbt-labs/dbt-utils/releases).

</VersionBlock>

<VersionBlock firstVersion="1.7">

> Beginning with v1.7, running [`dbt deps`](/reference/commands/deps) "pins" each package by creating or updating the `package-lock.yml` file in the _project_root_ where `packages.yml` is recorded. The `package-lock.yml` file contains a record of all packages installed and, if subsequent `dbt deps` runs contain no changes to `dependencies.yml` or `packages.yml`, dbt-core installs from `package-lock.yml`. For example, if you are using a branch name for the revision, the `package-lock.yml` file will pin to the head commit. If you use a version range, it will pin to the most recent released version. In either case, subsequent commits or versions will **not** be installed. To override this behavior, use `dbt deps --upgrade` or add `package-lock.yml` to your `.gitignore` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Beginning with v1.7, running [`dbt deps`](/reference/commands/deps) "pins" each package by creating or updating the `package-lock.yml` file in the _project_root_ where `packages.yml` is recorded. 

- The `package-lock.yml` file contains a record of all packages installed.
- If subsequent `dbt deps` runs contain no changes to `dependencies.yml` or `packages.yml`, dbt-core installs from `package-lock.yml`. 

For example, if you use a branch name, the `package-lock.yml` file pins to the head commit. If you use a version range, it pins to the latest release. In either case, subsequent commits or versions will **not** be installed. To get new commits or versions, run `dbt deps --upgrade` or add `package-lock.yml` to your .gitignore file.
```
